README.md, before:

# inHabit-team inHabit team project repoCode201d93

inHabit is a daily habit tracker/checklist app
Being a modern day human with many esposibilities it is hard to keep mental track of everything that needs to be done day in and day out both professionally and at a personal level. That is why we created inHatbit! 
inHabit is an easy to use daily habit tracker/checklist app that allows you to write down what needs to be done and allows you to organize your to-do list by category. Research shows that it takes humans anywhere from 18 days to 254 days to develop a habit, so why not give yourself the edge over everyone else and start tracking what needs to be done and become the person you're destined to be. Use inHabit today!

* * Using inHabit may or may not save a chinchilla somewhere in the world.

## Authors: Tyler Bennett, Melanie Johnston, Liam Grist, Rafael Aldana, David Sitthideth

### Links and Resources:

- Link for Github: https://github.com/inHabit-tracker/inHabit.

- Checkmark Logo: https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/correct.

- Developing a habit research: https://jamesclear.com/new-habit#:~:text=On%20average%2C%20it%20takes%20more,to%20form%20a%20new%20habit.

### Reflections and Comments:

- Consider including the answers to your daily journal and submission questions here.

- This is also a good place to reflect on the tools and resources used and learned


### User stories:

1. As a user, I would like to track whether or not I am finishing all of my daily tasks. Seeing these tasks displayed in a simple visual layout and being able to mark them as finished would me organize and achieve my goals.

2. As a user, I would like to see a visual representation of my Habits. This would be even better if I could choose to view my progress over a weekly or monthly timeframe. Seeing a visual representation will help me identify trends in my performance.

3. As a user, I would like to see a leaderboard and public Habits of other users. This competitive element will help hold me accountable and add a fun social aspect.

4. As a user, I would like for finisihing tasks to *feel* good and I think that a nice animation on task completion would really deliver that dopamine hit I'm looking for.

5. As a user, I would like to see a history of all my accomplished and unaccomplished goals. Seeing a history could be useful if I am changing my goals frequently and would like to see what I was doing at a different time.

6. As a user, I would like to have a menu/task bar that is out of the way and only displays when I want to use it then it returns to being hiden.

Commit message:

added stretch goals to readme file

README.md, after:

# inHabit-team inHabit team project repoCode201d93

inHabit is a daily habit tracker/checklist app
Being a modern day human with many esposibilities it is hard to keep mental track of everything that needs to be done day in and day out both professionally and at a personal level. That is why we created inHatbit! 
inHabit is an easy to use daily habit tracker/checklist app that allows you to write down what needs to be done and allows you to organize your to-do list by category. Research shows that it takes humans anywhere from 18 days to 254 days to develop a habit, so why not give yourself the edge over everyone else and start tracking what needs to be done and become the person you're destined to be. Use inHabit today!

* * Using inHabit may or may not save a chinchilla somewhere in the world.

## Authors: Tyler Bennett, Melanie Johnston, Liam Grist, Rafael Aldana, David Sitthideth

### Links and Resources:

- Link for Github: https://github.com/inHabit-tracker/inHabit.

-Link to figma files: https://www.figma.com/files/project/76496499/Team-project?fuid=1175891756550856246

- Checkmark Logo: https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/correct.

- Developing a habit research: https://jamesclear.com/new-habit#:~:text=On%20average%2C%20it%20takes%20more,to%20form%20a%20new%20habit.

### Reflections and Comments:

- Consider including the answers to your daily journal and submission questions here.

- This is also a good place to reflect on the tools and resources used and learned


### User stories:

1. As a user, I would like to track whether or not I am finishing all of my daily tasks. Seeing these tasks displayed in a simple visual layout and being able to mark them as finished would me organize and achieve my goals.

2. As a user, I would like to see a visual representation of my Habits. This would be even better if I could choose to view my progress over a weekly timeframe. Seeing a visual representation will help me identify trends in my performance.

3. As a user, I would like to see a leaderboard and public Habits of other users. This competitive element will help hold me accountable and add a fun social aspect.

4. As a user, I would like to see a history of all my accomplished and unaccomplished goals. Seeing a history could be useful if I am changing my goals frequently and would like to see what I was doing at a different time.

5. As a user, I would like to have a menu/task bar that is out of the way and only displays when I want to use it then it returns to being hiden.

### Stretch goals:

1. As a user, I would like to have little strain on my eyes and have a dark background for a more comprehensive view at night or in places with low visibility. Having the option of Dark Mode on the app would help accomplish that

2. As a user, I would like to see a visual representation of my Habits. Since I already have a weekly report a monthly report that summarizes my accomplishments would do that. Seeing a visual representation will help me identify trends in my performance.

3. As a user, I would like for finisihing tasks to *feel* good and I think that a nice animation on task completion would really deliver that dopamine hit I'm looking for.
